hello welcome to atlas
I do not show any kitchen today
Moroccan recipe but dedicated to it
I still give you something out of the
oriental kitchen and that is what I show
today how to prepare filled
cheers apple is about
oriental dumplings 100%
Vegetarians are the origin of this
court is not yet clear but
My guess is that the fried ones
dumplings originating from Egypt and from there
spread out into the
other parts of north africa as well as in the
Middle and middle east
but also in germany is lost
now frequently encountered and offers
at snack stands a vegetarian
alternative to the fast food dishes
and you can also enjoy this tasty dish
itself super fast and fresh
prepare at home and which ingredients
I need you to show them for that
now immediately in connection
it takes just under a kilo
Chickpeas I have one night
long soaked in water four
leek onions two normal onions 3
garlic cloves a small bunch
Coriander a well heaped teaspoon
Coriander powder lure something crooked
all teaspoons salt 1 heaped
teaspoon caraway and three tablespoons
sesame
First, I cut the ingredients in
rough pieces so i better serve them
Mixer can chop for leave
it is basically enough if the
chickpeas soaked in water only
they do not have to be cooked and
If you like it fast you can chickpeas
take the dose there already vorgart
you can also be used immediately
become
the
after I have the ingredients small
cut very small real in
Mix with the chickpeas in one
Blender until you are almost touched
So no rough pieces in the
otherwise they will not let each other
good before
I'll add the spices first
So here they are
Chickpeas nicely disguised as one
can see and in this mass I give
Now add the spices and knead everything
very good
after kneading, I shape them
small ones and then press that
slightly flat
But you can also do it around in such a way
which shape and then in
Fry plenty of oil
the
because
is run often with a meaning
served fine sesame paste and how to
to ready I'll tell you now
I'll give you six tablespoons for that
Natural yoghurt in a bowl for ten
tablespoon of sesame paste a pressed
garlic clove and a bit
add lemon juice and listen to everything
good by a whisk
it arises as you can see one
broad consistency to this I give now
Still a good shot water pulled
to make it a little more fluid
if the falafel can be baked
you then with the sauce serbiens
Price on the plate with salad
prepared or in a thin
Arab beat pro together with
salad and sauce
i can only say aha and good
appetite
that's already the for today I
Hope you liked the recipe
and hope that it will imitate
then you can just me
let's say you like the recipe
has clicked down here on the left
red button if you want and
subscribe to the new channel to just that
next time nothing to miss
I wish you a lot of fun
the copy already looking forward very
Huge for the next time and say
bye until then
the